Improve heuristic for extending return value with "on failure" info (#1096)
swiftlang/swift-docc: Sources/docc/DocCDocumentation.docc/documenting-api-with-different-language-representations.md

```swift
/// - Parameters:
///   - someValue: Some description of this parameter.
/// - Returns: Some description of this return value.
@objc func doSomething(with someValue: Int) throws -> String
```

**Generated Objective-C interface**

```objc
- (nullable NSString *)doSomethingWith:(NSInteger)someValue
                                 error:(NSError **)error;
```

For the Swift representation, with one parameter and a non-optional return value,
DocC displays the "someValue" parameter documentation and return value documentation as-is.
For the Objective-C representation, with two parameters and a nullable return value,
DocC displays the "someValue" parameter documentation, generic "error" parameter documentation, and extends the return value documentation with a generic description about the Objective-C specific `nil` return value when the method encounters an error. 

If you want to customize this documentation you can manually document the "error" parameter and return value.
Doing so won't change the Swift version of that symbol's page.
DocC will still hide the parameter and return value documentation that doesn't apply to each source language's version of that symbol's page.

> If your return value documentation already describes the `nil` return value, DocC won't extent it with the generic `nil` value description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your return value documentation already describes the `nil` return value, DocC won't extend it with the generic `nil` value description.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this sentence is needed, it seems implied by the paragraph above since it talks about manually documenting it rather than using the default documentation. However if you think it's important I'm happy for it to be kept for the sake of extra clarity.

Author: I rephrased this documentation in https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-docc/pull/1096/commits/573f1c60cd36d4619cc21c8dbc179c1d116c2dc3

> Note:

> > If you document the Objective-C specific `nil` return value for a method that correspond to a throwing function in Swift, 
> > DocC will display that documentation as-is on the Swift version of that page where is has a non-optional return type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you document the Objective-C specific `nil` return value for a method that corresponds to a throwing function in Swift, 
> DocC will display that documentation as-is on the Swift version of that page where it has a non-optional return type.
```

> > DocC will display that documentation as-is on the Swift version of that page where is has a non-optional return type.

Reviewer: The cases read a bit confusing to me, because they're explained in different parts of the article -- am I understanding it right that if I manually document the return value, it **won't** show in the Swift documentation unless it's documentation for a throwing function? 

Is this behaviour intentional? Should we also hide the extra line for throwing functions?

Author: No, if the developers documents the Objective-C specific `nil` return value, it _will_ display for both Swift and Objective-C. 

This aside is meant to highlight that unless the authored documentation is a big improvement over the generic phrase that DocC adds, developers should probably avoid documenting Objective-C specific `nil` return values.

Reviewer: Maybe we could mention that explicitly here?

Author: I rephrased this documentation in https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-docc/pull/1096/commits/573f1c60cd36d4619cc21c8dbc179c1d116c2dc3
